feat: add C implementation for `lapack/base/dlacpy` (#5210)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/lapack/base/dlacpy/README.md

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/lapack/base/dlacpy.h"
```

#### c_dlacpy( order, uplo, M, N, \*A, LDA, \*B, LDB )

Copies all or part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B`.

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"

> double A[] = { 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const double A[] = { 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 };
```

This array is not mutated. Applies here and below.

double B[] = { 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 };

c_dlacpy( CblasColMajor, CblasUpper, 2, 2, A, 2, B, 2 );
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **order**: `[in] CBLAS_LAYOUT` storage layout of `A` and `B`

Reviewer: All these descriptions are missing ending periods.

-   **uplo**: `[in] CBLAS_UPLO` specifies whether to copy the upper or lower triangular/trapezoidal part of matrix `A`
-   **M**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of rows in matrix `A`
-   **N**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of columns in matrix `A`
-   **A**: `[in] double*` input matrix
-   **LDA**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the first dimension of `A` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `A`)
-   **B**: `[in] double*` output matrix
-   **LDB**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the first dimension of `B` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `B`)

```c
void c_dlacpy( const CBLAS_LAYOUT order, const CBLAS_UPLO uplo, const CBLAS_INT M, const CBLAS_INT N, double *A, const CBLAS_INT LDA, double *B, const CBLAS_INT LDB )
```

<!--lint disable maximum-heading-length-->

> #### c_dlacpy_ndarry( uplo, M, N, \*A, strideA1, strideA2, offsetA, \*B, strideB1, strideB2, offsetB )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### c_dlacpy_ndarray( uplo, M, N, \*A, strideA1, strideA2, offsetA, \*B, strideB1, strideB2, offsetB )
```

Copies all or part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B` using alternative indexing semantics.

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"

> double A[] = { 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 };

Reviewer: Why do these arrays have an odd number of elements?

double B[] = { 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 };

c_dlacpy_ndarray( CblasUpper, 2, 2, A, 2, 1, 1, B, 2, 1, 2 );
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **uplo**: `[in] CBLAS_UPLO` specifies whether to copy the upper or lower triangular/trapezoidal part of matrix `A`

Reviewer: Periods.

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/lapack/base/dlacpy.h"
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"

int main( void ) {
    // Create strided arrays:
    const double A[] = { 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 2.0, 1.0, 0.0, 3.0, 2.0, 1.0 };
    double B[] = { 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 };

    // Specify the number of elements along each dimension of `A`:
    const int N = 3;

>     // Copies all or part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Copy the upper triangular part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B`:
```

    c_dlacpy( CblasColMajor, CblasUpper, N, N, A, N, B, N );

    // Print the result:
    for ( int i = 0; i < N*N; i++ ) {
        printf( "B[ %i ] = %f\n", i, B[ i ] );
    }

>     // Copies all or part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B` using alternative indexing semantics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Copy the lower triangular part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B` using alternative indexing semantics:
```

    c_dlacpy_ndarray( CblasLower, N, N, A, 1, N, 0, B, 1, N, 0 );

    // Print the result:
    for ( int i = 0; i < N*N; i++ ) {
        printf( "B[ %i ] = %f\n", i, B[ i ] );
    }

> 
>     return 0;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This isn't needed.
